UI/README/README_Updates.md, before:

### Authors
This app was created by [Astra S. Bryant, PhD](https://scholar.google.com/citations?user=uSGqqakAAAAJ&hl=en) with assistance from Stephanie DeMarco, PhD for the [Hallem Lab](http://www.hallemlab.com/) at UCLA.  

### Selected Release Notes
- **v2.1.0** - May 25, 2023: Fixed bug related to shinyapps.io being unable to run genome-wide GSEA analysis.
- **v2.0.5** - July 11, 2022: Updated *S. stercoralis* Kallisto alignments to [WBPS17 reference transcriptome](https://wbparasite.wordpress.com/2016/12/05/announcing-wormbase-parasite-release-8/).
- **v2.0.1** - Nov 11, 2021:
Updated *S. stercoralis* and *S. ratti* Kallisto alignments to WBPS16 reference transcriptome (replacing WBPS14), followed by bug fix to resolve pipeline error.
- **v1.2.0** - Nov 3, 2021:
Added *S. stercoralis* free-living male RNA-seq data. Thanks to Damia Gonzalez Akimori for the suggestion.
- **v1.1.0** - March 23, 2021:
*Strongyloides* RNA-seq Browser manuscript accepted for publication in G3.
- **v.1.0.0** - Feb. 17, 2021:
*Strongyloides* RNA-seq Browser released on submission to BioRxiv. 

### Source Code
- App source code and previous releases are [available on GitHub](https://github.com/HallemLab/Strongyloides_RNAseq_Browser).  
- Source code for data preprocessing and example analyses is also [available on GitHub](https://github.com/HallemLab/Bryant-DeMarco-Hallem-2021).
- For additional information regarding the browser, see [Bryant, DeMarco, and Hallem 2021, *G3*](https://academic.oup.com/g3journal/article/11/5/jkab104/6212650).

Commit message:

Adding hyperlinks to WBPS gene pages

UI/README/README_Updates.md, after:

### Authors
This app was created by [Astra S. Bryant, PhD](https://scholar.google.com/citations?user=uSGqqakAAAAJ&hl=en) with assistance from Stephanie DeMarco, PhD for the [Hallem Lab](http://www.hallemlab.com/) at UCLA.  

### Selected Release Notes
- **v2.2.0** - Nov 14, 2023: Added hyperlinks to WBPS for gene names. Thanks to Damia Gonzalez Akimori for the suggestion.
- **v2.1.0** - May 25, 2023: Fixed bug related to shinyapps.io being unable to run genome-wide GSEA analysis.
- **v2.0.5** - July 11, 2022: Updated *S. stercoralis* Kallisto alignments to [WBPS17 reference transcriptome](https://wbparasite.wordpress.com/2016/12/05/announcing-wormbase-parasite-release-8/).
- **v2.0.1** - Nov 11, 2021:
Updated *S. stercoralis* and *S. ratti* Kallisto alignments to WBPS16 reference transcriptome (replacing WBPS14), followed by bug fix to resolve pipeline error.
- **v1.2.0** - Nov 3, 2021:
Added *S. stercoralis* free-living male RNA-seq data. Thanks to Damia Gonzalez Akimori for the suggestion.
- **v1.1.0** - March 23, 2021:
*Strongyloides* RNA-seq Browser manuscript accepted for publication in G3.
- **v.1.0.0** - Feb. 17, 2021:
*Strongyloides* RNA-seq Browser released on submission to BioRxiv. 

### Source Code
- App source code and previous releases are [available on GitHub](https://github.com/HallemLab/Strongyloides_RNAseq_Browser).  
- Source code for data preprocessing and example analyses is also [available on GitHub](https://github.com/HallemLab/Bryant-DeMarco-Hallem-2021).
- For additional information regarding the browser, see [Bryant, DeMarco, and Hallem 2021, *G3*](https://academic.oup.com/g3journal/article/11/5/jkab104/6212650).
